Sphynx docs 2 (#2153)
geopm/geopm: service/docs/source/GEOPM_CXX_MAN_IOGroup.3.rst

IOGroup only provides controls.  In these cases, ensure that ``is_valid_signal()``
or ``is_valid_control()`` returns false as appropriate, and that ``signal_names()`` or
``control_names()`` returns an empty set.

> EOPM provides a number of built-in IOGroups for the most cn

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GEOPM provides a number of built-in IOGroups for the most common
```
